The following steps were done to run this project:

1. Create a Django project using the following command
      django-admin startproject Assignment1

2.Navigate into the directory where manage.py script exists and then 
   run the below command
      cd Assignment1
      python manage.py startapp myapp

3.Open settings.py file and scroll to the installed apps section & add the
   newly created app myapp at the bottom and save it.
   
4.Next, make migrations which will apply all the unapplied migrations 
   on the SQLite database.
      python manage.py makemigrations
      python manage.py migrate

5.Then make the data models for myapp. This will have an Article 
   model in our database to store the articles.The Meta class inside the 
   model contains metadata.Results are sorted in the created_on field in 
   descending order by default when we query the database.

6.Now that our new database model is created we need to create a new 
   migration record for it and migrate the changes into our database.
      python manage.py makemigrations
      python manage.py migrate

7.Next create a superuser & add the necessary details to login to the
   admin site.
      python manage.py createsuperuser

8.Open the myapp/admin.py file and register the Article model there.

9.Now run the server & go to the address http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin
     python manage.py runserver

10.Now add articles by clicking on the add icon beside Articles & 
     save them.

11.Open the myapp/views.py file & copy the snippet code from the link.
     A TemplateView is a generic class-based view that helps to create a 
     view for a specific template without re-inventing the wheel.It simply
     renders a Django template(here home.html) and sends it to the client.

12.Open the myapp/urls.py file & copy the snippet code from the link to 
     map the URL for the views made above. I mapped general URL
     patterns for the views using the path function. The first pattern takes 
     an empty string denoted by ' ' and returns the result generated from
     the HomePageView class which is a list of articles for the homepage.

13.Then include the myapp URLs to the actual project for doing so open 
     the Assignment1/urls.py file. Import the include function and then 
     add  the path to the new urls.py file in the  urlpatterns list.
       path('', include('myapp.urls')),

14.Now we need to make templates to render the result to the users. To
    use Django templates we need to configure the template setting first.

15.Now open the project’s settings.py file and just below BASE_DIR add 
    the route to the template directory as follows.

     TEMPLATES_DIRS = os.path.join(BASE_DIR,'templates')

16.Now In settings.py scroll to the,TEMPLATES & add the newly created 
    TEMPLATE_DIRS  in the DIRS

17.In the templates folder add a new HTML file base.html.
    Make another HTML file named home.html that inherits from 
    base.html

18.Now run the server and visit http://127.0.0.1:8000/ then you will see
     the homepage of myapp.

    

   